Update docs on Conditions (#3997)
operator-framework/operator-sdk: website/content/en/docs/building-operators/golang/advanced-topics.md

### Manage CR status conditions

> An often-used pattern is to include [`Condition`][apimachinery_condition] in the status of custom resources. Conditions represent the latest available observations of an object's state (see the [Kubernetes API conventions documentation][typical-status-properties] for more information).

Reviewer: Nit for slightly better readability.
```suggestion
An often-used pattern is to include Conditions in the status of custom resources. A [`Condition`][apimachinery_condition] represents the latest available observation of an object's state (see the [Kubernetes API conventions documentation][typical-status-properties] for more information).
```

```Go
import (
    metav1 "k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/apis/meta/v1"
)

type MyAppStatus struct {
    // Conditions represent the latest available observations of an object's state

>     Conditions metav1.Condition `json:"conditions"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Conditions []metav1.Condition `json:"conditions"`
```
